{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Experiment Evaluation\
\
1. bias in slogan delivery. Much harder to tell the Emperor no. We don\'92t know that the 5 droids who didn\'92t say yes to the Emperor were the first 5 to say no and then they were all killed in front of the rest. To \'91encourage results\'92.  To avoid that, someone lower ranking than the leader of the captured world and his second in command should be delivering the slogans. \
\
Also, they\'92re droids so you would just reprogram them, not have to convince them of anything.\
\
2.  Sending Jar-Jar is a problem in and of itself because he is sith. Also, he was sent to only planets that are already friendly to the Jedi. Mace arguably had more work to do to get the 65% favorable return while Jar-Jar would not. The response rate may be different because of the friendliness of the planets as well. Also, is it a success to convince someone of something they already agree with? \
\
Send each of them to the same planets at the same time and have them work in the same cities, moving to new cities together. \
\
3. The HR workers that are isolated from the rest may be outliers in the data, either very happy or very upset. The differences in satisfaction could also to be differences inherent in the different countries. \
\
Just the global satisfaction % of HR and IT is too broad for understanding job satisfaction. \
\
4. The \'91opt in\'92 scheme systematically leaves out people who value privacy. Perhaps it leaves out people who do not want to be on a newsletter mailing list because to \'91opt in\'92 you also have to accept being put onto a mailing list and allowing your private information to be sold to other marketers and advertisers. Thus the data could be skewed towards people who really want to use the app.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Don\'92t offer an option at all? Passively state in the terms of service that you will gather non-personally identifiable information on activity levels for business purposes only. \
\
5. This study suffers from sampling bias. The students that arrive very first thing in the morning probably had a different morning than the students who arrived comfortably on time and both those groups had a different morning than the students who were late. \
\
Each student needs to take each test to be able to compare the scores of each test to each other. And each test taken after the previous test could have skewed results as to the students understanding because practicing things makes you better at them usually. The last test to be taken is the one the students had the most practice for. \
\
}